Use platform-python on RHEL8 (#302) (#303)
Katello/client-bootstrap: README.md

* system group administrator for a system group that the system is a member of
* granted permissions to the system explicitly via Users-> account-> 'Systems Administered by this User'

# Usage:

> On a RHEL8 host, call the bootstrap.py script as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On an EL8 (RHEL8, CentOS8, etc) host, there is no `/usr/bin/python` or `/usr/bin/python3` by default. The `bootstrap.py` script can be used with the `platform-python` as follows:
```
